different shock knots and the seasons
coming back around figured i'll show you
how quick and easy shock not you can't
i'm fairly easy thai the dark basically
just start with your 50 pounds shock
you're 17 pound tests run in line what
you do is you'll actually get your shark
line and you want to fold it over like
so with the loop then you'll get your 17
pound test line and run it back through
the whole life so then once you do that
you want to hold the shock together and
the process of doing that you want to
get your 17 pound test and you want to
start to wrap around both parts of your
shock about 5 times 6 times will do so
it looks like this here once you do that
you want to get your 17 pound test and
run it right back through the same hole
once you do that grab pull both sides so
it looks like this here you get a good
close-up on that which is a very small
quick easy shocking out the tile once
you're done you will trim your tabs
so now you've got yourself a shock not
Trump pretty close and that one's
calling Albright knot was what I call it
all brought night not next night i'm
going to show you is basically called a
blood knot which is fairly another
fairly easy not the time you just
basically get your 70 pound and your 50
pound cross them over and rep one side
then you wrap the other side about 5
times 6 times then once you've done that
you would pull a loop in the middle like
so and then you'll get both ends of the
tag and run them through the hole or the
loop itself then you'll grab these two
tad your teeth and pull outward alright
so and then it'll tighten up just like
that and then you trim the tabs alright
so so that's two types of shock nuts
I've just showed you now the next one is
basically a way you can make a bottom
rig it's called a figure-eight luton not
by doing so you'll be separated again as
you're running line you would want to
fold it over like so and then just
sorry did that backwards fold it over
like so double your lineup again put
your tags on one in wrap it two times
grab the loop in here and pull tight
that's a little big lube that I didn't
make this little bit easier to show you
but you can make them smaller which does
your loop nut and by doing so you can
tie your weight onto here your hook to
hear this is your main line running here
so you actually have a loop in your line
as I just called a figure eight loop
which is a lot of talk fishermen use and
actually if you want to build your own
bottom ready to save yourself a couple
bucks let's learn to three knots i'ma
show you tonight tomorrow night I might
try to show you some rigs until then
tight lines and keep the lines wet guys